Once the old wise elves of the great Minecraft plains tried to channel the ubiquitous magic force expanding in the mystic worlds of Minecraft. They thought, that they could better the world with magic. They achieved the opposite: As they made an experiment to open a portal to a mysterious dimension, a big explosion happened, which lead to the extinction of the former civilisation. Most humans, Dwarfs and Elves who survived the explosion turned into monsters and creatures of the dark. Centuries later, when a new culture arose, people wondered how all those monsters where created. They examined ruins of the old civilisations and came to traces, which indicated the big explosion. They also found the destroyed portal which caused the explosion. When knowledge about the event spread, more and more people wanted to gain power through the old knowledge. Only few succeeded, the others got consumed by a dragon, lurking in the dark places of this mysterious dimension. One of those few, who successfully channeled the magic force, wanted to seize world domination. He performed a ritual which allowed him to become nearly invincible. But with age the power of the magic force consumed him and he turned truly evil. He grew three heads and withered away the peaceful world. One day, he also came after us and killed my whole family. I was the only one who survived. I yearned for vengeance, but i didn't stand a chance. I tried and tried to learn the elven language to perform rituals in order to protect myself. Later, I somehow managed to create a magic wand, which allowed me to banish the Wither to the infinite grounds of the nether. Before he was banned, he cursed me to speechlessness and doomed me to everlasting loneliness. I tried to lift the curse, but I never succeeded. I never was able to share my experience with other people. I wrote this to pass my legacy. Whoever finds this needs to ensure, that the evil Wither King stays banished, and never comes out to kill again. I will probably reached the end of my days when you read this, so don't bother finding me. I enchanted this book with a golden feather, allowing everyone using this book in a Lectern to use the old elven magic.\n\nIf you want to create your own magic wand, you only need five things: A lcetern, this book, some gold, some kind of rod (the rarer the better), and a catalyst.Put the gold, the rod, and the catalyst together in some kind of crafting grid. Then put this book in a lectern and click with the crafted wand on the lectern. After you did that, the wand should be functional. To increase the power level of spells, you can click again on the lectern and spend points on the spells.\n\nBut be careful. I also cursed this book to punish dark magic performed with wands made with the book.\n\nMay you live long and peaceful.